SVKM's Shri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic presents Ignite IT 2023 organized by Information Technology Department - 
✨ Code Carnival 🎡4.0, an exciting coding competition that consists of three rounds: Elementary, Intermediate, and Expert. 

In the Elementary round known as QuizUp, you will be challenged with a menti quiz. 75% of the teams will be selected ..!! 

In the Intermediate round of Code Carnival 4.0, known as CyberRush, teams will be given a series of 3 problem statements to solve. Top 5 teams will advance to the final round 

In the Expert round of Code Carnival 4.0, known as CodeRelay, teams will have to work together to complete a coding task. One player will work on the task for 20 minutes, and then they will switch out with another team member, who will continue the code from where the previous player left off. This round will test the teams' ability to work together and communicate effectively, as well as their coding skills. Points will be allotted and the team with the most points will win 

Code Carnival 4.0 is an excellent opportunity to put your coding skills to the test, and to compete against some of the best and brightest minds in the field. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced coder, this competition is open to all skill levels and is sure to be a fun and rewarding experience.✨

📜 Rulebook: 📜
- Teams should arrive at the Shri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic for the competition on 25 February at 10:00 AM. 
- Teams should not bring laptops or any other equipment.
- The organizer will provide the necessary equipment and resources for the competition, such as computers or paper and pencils for writing out code.
- Teams will be provided with the specific instructions and guidelines for each round before the start of the round.
- Teams should follow the instructions and guidelines provided for each round carefully and accurately.
- Teams should submit their solutions within the given time frame for each round.
- Teams should communicate with the organizers if they encounter any difficulties during the competition.
- Teams should refrain from cheating or plagiarizing, and any form of cheating or plagiarism will result in disqualification.
- Judges decision will be considered final 

Participation Fees: ₹150
Team size : 3 members

 💰Rewards: 💰
Prizes upto ₹50000 + exclusive goodies + coupons

Date : 25th February
Time : 10.00 am onwards
Venue : Shri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic, Vile Parle

So come and join us for this exciting competition, and let's see who will come out on top as the ultimate Code Carnival 4.0 champion! 🥳🥳🥳

Please let us know if you have any questions and we are happy to assist you.

Registration Link: 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScXmxREWy2BISiMOtK4E-9L4r7_9qUvCgi9C7Yvziw_5uDClA/viewform?usp=sf_link

Special Thanks to :

Patron
Shri Amrish R Patel, Mentor(SVKM)
Shri Amit B Sheth, Mentor(S.B.M.P)

SBMP Prinicipal
Dr.M.Z.Shaikh

Vice Prinicipal
Mrs N.G. Kadukar

Student Co-ordinator:
Mihir Panchal : 9833371632

Faculty Co-ordinator:
Abhilasha More : 9867182739