1."Start your search at the base of the old oak tree, where the first brick was laid." 
    (Location: near the founding building or central quad)

2."Follow the path of registration to find the next clue." 
    (Location: registration desk)

3."Look for the statue of the school mascot, the clue is hidden at its feet." 
    (Location: near a statue of the school mascot)

4."The clue is hidden in the book with the golden cover, in the library stacks." 
    (Location: in the library)

5."Find the bench with the plaque dedicated to the class of 10(binary) 0r 1, the clue is hidden underneath." 
    (Location: near a bench with a plaque dedicated to a specific class)

6."The clue is on the bulletin board in the student union, next to the announcement for the upcoming concert." 
    (Location: in the student union building, near a bulletin board with announcements)

7."Look for the ivy-covered wall, the clue is hidden behind the third brick from the left." 
    (Location: near an ivy-covered wall)

8."Find the locker in the table tennis room with a number matching the school's founding year's last digit to uncover the next clue."
    (Location: BCR TT).

9."Where the gears turn and the saws buzz, that's where you'll find the clue, because." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the workshop)

10."If you want to know where the clue is hidden, you'll have to look behind, where the concrete is smidden." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, behind the FMHM lab)

11."To find the next clue, you must first find the place, where the cement is mixed and the concrete takes shape." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the SOM and Concrete lab)

12."Where metal is shaped and machines hum, that's where you'll find the next clue, my mum." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the Machine shop)

13."Where students sit and lectures begin, that's where you'll find the next clue to win." 
    (Location: on the first floor, in the CR 102)

14."Where the blades turn and the wind blows, that's where you'll find the next clue, everyone knows." 
    (Location: on the first floor, in the BEE lab)

15."Where circuits are made and wires are bent, that's where the next clue is, don't be content." 
    (Location: on the second floor, in the Electrical labs)

16."Where the blueprints are kept and the plans are made, that's where you'll find the next clue, in the shade." 
    (Location: on the third floor, in the Civil and Mechanical HOD cabin)

			17."Where plastic is melted and mold is made, that's where the next clue is hidden, don't be afraid." 
    (Location: on the fourth floor, in the Plastics labs)

18."Where books are kept and knowledge is gained, that's where the next clue is, search and remain unchained." 
    (Location: on the fifth floor, in the Library)

19."Where hunger is cured and thirst is quenched, that's where the final clue is, don't be clenched." 
    (Location: in the upper basement, in the canteen)

20. "Bunking Lectures and Enjoying with friends, playing Ping Pong never ends"
	(Location : Boys Common Room)

21. "Begin your search with a goal in mind, 1st class on level one is where you'll find"
	(Location : CR 101)

22. "Entering the Institution look around, your next clue resides on the neighbors porch"
	(Location : NM entrance)

23. "Every morning a hassle, take your next clue from he who says 'ID ?' "
	(Location : SBMP Entrance Guards)

			24. "Spend Leisure time, have dance practices, but find the clue in time for the clock is ticking"
	(Location : Girls Common Room)

25. "Use what you use for a fire exit, find the event identity, for I am near it"
	(Location : Stairwell)

26. "Newton, Joule, Kelvin are the units of my field, find my lab and grab the next clue"
	(Location : Physics Lab)

27. "Titration left you in frustration, lets use this knowledge to find the next bond"
	(Location : Chemistry Lab)

28. "I'm the vice head that locks your component"
	(Location : Mech Lab)

29. "As the name suggests I 2 will BLIND you from the outside view"
	(Location : Any floor Lobby)

30. "To take a railway concession, don't disturb the teacher, for the clue is hidden at the retreival"
	(Location : SBMP help desk)

31. "Hidden in the rocks, not at a seabed , but between the plants"
	(Location : Any floor lobby)

32. "Normally, I help quench your thirst but I can help you find the next clue with a thrust"
	(Location : Water Cooler)

33. "Expert Lectures not so boring, seek in the back for the clue youre going"
	(Location : Seminar Hall)

34. "Keep Quiet for the people are studying, your clue is lost and found"
	(Location : Library - Lost and Found)

35. "Ask your guide for a token, retreive the clue in exchange from a man in blue uniform"
	(Location : Library Bag section)

36. "Draw all you want, it's a place where you can"
	(Location : Drawing Hall)

37. "Solving 2 by 2 matrices is a tutorial session, find my room and get the clue's impression"
	(Location : Tutorial room)

38. "Transfer files through a network, find a place for its configuration"
	(Location : Lab 4)

39. "Designing a website isn't easy as it seems, with the right tools it streams"
	(Location : Lab 1)

			40. "With gases it occurs, keeping things cool, find the place where the principle is taught"
	(Location : Refrigeration Lab)

41. "Hover high and hover low, search for the treasure in the lab's drone show."
	(Location : Electrical lab on 2nd floor)

42. "Where tools are wielded and sparks fly, search for a clue to keep your hopes high."
	(Location : Machine shop on the ground floor)

43. "To the left of the lift on the first floor, you'll find treasure and knowledge galore."
	(Location : Left side of the lift on the first floor (CR 101, Chemistry lab, Physics lab))

44. "To the left of the lift on floor two, a treasure awaits for the clever and true."
	(Location : Electrical labs on the second floor)

45. "Down below where hunger is sated, find a clue to keep your spirits elated."
	(Location : Canteen in the upper basement)

46. "Where books and wisdom are freely traded, search for a clue to keep you motivated."
	(Location : Library on the fifth floor)

			47. "Where materials are shaped and formed, find a clue to keep you informed."
	(Location : Plastics labs on the fourth floor)

48. "Where machines and structures are designed, seek out a clue that's one of a kind."
	(Location : Civil and Mechanical labs on the third floor)

49. "Where ideas and knowledge are shared, find a clue that will keep you prepared."	
	(Location : Seminar hall on the fifth floor.)

50. "Follow the trail of plastic and wire, to where objects of your desire, are crafted with precision and care."
	(Location : 5th Floor Lab 5 3d printer)

51. "The pressure of water on ground floor is 4x10^4 Pa"
	(Location: ground floor water pump)

52. Look for yourself in front where you show your creativity 
	(Location: 1st floor mirror)

53. Place where you can cast your imagination into reality
	(Location: near 3d printer)

54. Find the classroom with a missing letter in the bushes you'll find the clue to the latter
	(Location : CR 207)

55. COPYcat crosses the next clue
	(Location : Ashok Xerox)

56. When you have wounds and you want them to fade , use first aid 
	(Location : Medical Room)

57. Your are lost here, but found only here
	(Location : Lost & Found)

58. 6 x 4 Matrix Game khelo 2 x 2 me milega score 
	(Location : Lab 5 Bag section)

59. Dig deep in the soil lab and uncover the pH mystery to reveal the next clue.
	(Location : Soil Lab)

60. Unlock the next clue by acing the law and theory section of the exam.
	(Location : Exam Section 3rd Floor)


Summary 

Basement : 3 Clues
Ground : 16 Clues
Floor 1 : 10 clues
Floor 2 : 6 Clues
Floor 3 : 7 Clues
Floor 5 : 14 Clues
