Team 1

18."Where books are kept and knowledge is gained, that's where the next clue is, search and remain unchained." 
    (Location: on the fifth floor, in the Library)
    
3."Look for the statue of the school mascot, the clue is hidden at its feet." 
    (Location: near a statue of the school mascot)Ground Floor
    
8."Find the locker in the table tennis room with a number matching the school's founding year's last digit to uncover the next clue."
    (Location: BCR Table Tennis).  Third Floor
 
38. "Transfer files through a network, find a place for its configuration"
	(Location : Lab 4)  5th Floor
    
 5."Find the bench with the plaque dedicated to the class of 10(binary) 0r 1, the clue is hidden underneath." 
    (Location: near a bench with a plaque dedicated to a specific class)     Second floor


Team 2 

4."The clue is hidden in the book with the golden cover, in the library stacks." 
    (Location: in the library)

2."Follow the path of registration to find the next clue." 
    (Location: registration desk)
    
28. "I'm the vice head that locks your component"
	(Location : Mech Lab)    Third Floor 

14."Where the blades turn and the wind blows, that's where you'll find the next clue, everyone knows." 
    (Location: on the first floor, in the BEE lab)
    
15."Where circuits are made and wires are bent, that's where the next clue is, don't be content." 
    (Location: on the second floor, in the Electrical labs)
    
Team 3 

25. "Use what you use for a fire exit, find the event identity, for I am near it"
	(Location : Stairwell)    Upper basement
	
31. "Hidden in the rocks, not at a seabed , but between the plants"
	(Location : Any floor lobby)  Second floor
    
35. "Ask your guide for a token, retreive the clue in exchange from a man in blue uniform"
	(Location : Library Bag section)

6."The clue is on the bulletin board in the student union, next to the announcement for the upcoming concert." 
    (Location: in the student union building, near a bulletin board with announcements)     Ground Floor
    
21. "Begin your search with a goal in mind, 1st class on level one is where you'll find"
	(Location : CR 101)

Team 4

19."Where hunger is cured and thirst is quenched, that's where the final clue is, don't be clenched." 
    (Location: in the upper basement, in the canteen)

29. "As the name suggests I 2 will BLIND you from the outside view"
	(Location : Any floor Lobby)   Second Floor

58. 6 x 4 Matrix Game khelo 2 x 2 me milega score 
	(Location : Lab 5 Bag section)   Fifth Floor	
	
1."Start your search at the base of the old oak tree, where the first brick was laid." 
    (Location: near the founding building or central quad)  Ground Floor

26. "Newton, Joule, Kelvin are the units of my field, find my lab and grab the next clue"
	(Location : Physics Lab)  First Floor

Team 5 

44. "To the left of the lift on floor two, a treasure awaits for the clever and true."
	(Location : Electrical labs on the second floor)

34. "Keep Quiet for the people are studying, your clue is lost and found"
	(Location : Library - Lost and Found)

36. "Draw all you want, it's a place where you can"
	(Location : Drawing Hall)   First Floor

20. "Bunking Lectures and Enjoying with friends, playing Ping Pong never ends"
	(Location : Boys Common Room)   Third Floor
	
7."Look for the ivy-covered wall, the clue is hidden behind the third brick from the left." 
    (Location: near an ivy-covered wall)   Ground floor
    
Team 6 

54. Find the classroom with a missing letter in the bushes you'll find the clue to the latter 2
	(Location : CR 207)
	
33. "Expert Lectures not so boring, seek in the back for the clue youre going"
	(Location : Seminar Hall)

37. "Solving 2 by 2 matrices is a tutorial session, find my room and get the clue's impression"
	(Location : Tutorial room)   First Floor

16."Where the blueprints are kept and the plans are made, that's where you'll find the next clue, in the shade." 
    (Location: on the third floor, in the Civil and Mechanical HOD cabin)
	
10."If you want to know where the clue is hidden, you'll have to look behind, where the concrete is smidden." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, behind the FMHM lab)

Team 7

39. "Designing a website isn't easy as it seems, with the right tools it streams"
	(Location : Lab 1)   5th Floor

43. "To the left of the lift on the first floor, you'll find treasure and knowledge galore."
	(Location : Left side of the lift on the first floor (CR 101, Chemistry lab, Physics lab))

11."To find the next clue, you must first find the place, where the cement is mixed and the concrete takes shape." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the SOM and Concrete lab)

41. "Hover high and hover low, search for the treasure in the lab's drone show."
	(Location : Electrical lab on 2nd floor)

57. Your are lost here, but found only here
	(Location : Lost & Found)   5th Floor

Team 8

59. Dig deep in the soil lab and uncover the pH mystery to reveal the next clue.
	(Location : Soil Lab)  Third Floor
	
45. "Down below where hunger is sated, find a clue to keep your spirits elated."
	(Location : Canteen in the upper basement)	

52. Look for yourself in front where you show your creativity 
	(Location: 1st floor mirror)
	
12."Where metal is shaped and machines hum, that's where you'll find the next clue, my mum." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the Machine shop)
    
53. Place where you can cast your imagination into reality
	(Location: near 3d printer)    5th Floor
	
Team 9 

49. "Where ideas and knowledge are shared, find a clue that will keep you prepared."	
	(Location : Seminar hall on the fifth floor.)
	
55. COPYcat crosses the next clue
	(Location : Ashok Xerox)    Ground Floor 
	
60. Unlock the next clue by acing the law and theory section of the exam.
	(Location : Exam Section 3rd Floor)
	
50. "Follow the trail of plastic and wire, to where objects of your desire, are crafted with precision and care."
	(Location : 5th Floor Lab 5 3d printer)
	
56. When you have wounds and you want them to fade , use first aid 
	(Location : Medical Room)   Ground Floor 

Team 10

42. "Where tools are wielded and sparks fly, search for a clue to keep your hopes high."
	(Location : Machine shop on the ground floor)

48. "Where machines and structures are designed, seek out a clue that's one of a kind."
	(Location : Civil and Mechanical labs on the third floor)

46. "Where books and wisdom are freely traded, search for a clue to keep you motivated."
	(Location : Library on the fifth floor)

13."Where students sit and lectures begin, that's where you'll find the next clue to win." 
    (Location: on the first floor, in the CR 102)
    
30. "To take a railway concession, don't disturb the teacher, for the clue is hidden at the retreival"
	(Location : SBMP help desk)   GFloor
	
Team 11
    
51. "The pressure of water on ground floor is 4x10^4 Pa"
	(Location: ground floor water pump)

22. "Entering the Institution look around, your next clue resides on the neighbors porch"
	(Location : NM entrance) GFLoor

	
23. "Every morning a hassle, take your next clue from he who says 'ID ?' "
	(Location : SBMP Entrance Guards)  GFloor


	
	Total 53 clues      Still in need of 19 clues (if 6 clues per team)     if 5 clues per team then only 7 clues are needed
	
	If we add library codes as clue (pratik sir) using maths then we can get 12 unique clues + we need to find some more 
	For codes we can use library and lockers 
	
Sequence of route team wise :

Clues    Team 1  Team 2  Team 3  Team 4  Team 5  Team 6  Team 7  Team 8  Team 9  Team 10  Team 11  Team 12
  1       5        5      UB       UB      2       2       5        3      5        G        G
  2       G        G       2        2      5       5       1       UB      G        3        G 
  3       3        3       5        5      1       1       G        G      3        5        G
  4       5        5       G        G      3       3       2        2      5        1
  5       2        2       1        1      G       G       5        5      G        G
