History and Introduction Ignite IT Code Carnival 4.0 
Refreshment and e Certificate announcement 
    Neeta maam aur Zafar Sheikh ko bulao and speech 
    winner announcement Certificate
    those guys who are in Treasure hunt stay seated in seminar hall  



Desert junction - 60k
(6 voucher 10k each)
Vansh Polyvinyl - 20k
C9 Construction - 20k
Laxmi stationary - 5k
Tribe - 6 coupon
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the award ceremony of the Code Carnival 4.0!
Heartiest congratulations to all the participants of event. Before we begin with the prize distribution ceremony,
I would like to propose a vote of thanks to the dignitaries. 
As we come to the end of this thrilling Code Carnival 4.0, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude and appreciation to all
the participants, organizers, sponsors, and volunteers who made this event a grand success.
Firstly, I would like to thank our esteemed guests of honor who graced this occasion with their presence and shared their valuable 
insights and experiences with us. Their presence has been a great source of inspiration and motivation for all the participants.

Next, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the organizing committee,teaching staff , non-teaching staff for their tireless efforts
and contibnuous guidance and support in planning and executing this event with precision and excellence. 

I would also like to acknowledge the generous support and contribution of our sponsors Desert junction,Vansh Polyvinyl,
C9 Construction,Laxmi stationary,Tribe who have been instrumental in making this event a grand success. Their support has helped us to provide the best possible experience to all the participants.

Last but not least, I would like to thank all the participants who have put in their best efforts and showcased their talent and
skills in this competition. Your enthusiasm and passion for coding have made this event a truly remarkable one.

It is my pleasure to announce the winners of this year's competition. 
The first prize winners will be given cash prize of rs.5000 and a gift voucher from Pavitram diamond jewellery.
The second prize winners will be given cash prize of rs.3000.
The third prize winners will be given cash prize of rs.2000. 
We received an incredible number of submissions, and the quality of the entries was exceptional. Without further ado, let's 
announce the winners!

In third place, we have [Team Name], Congratulations [Team Name], your hard work has paid off, and I now request our vice principal 
Neeta Kadukar mam,to give aaway awards to the winnners .

In second place, we have [Team Name],we have [Team Name], Congratulations [Team Name], your hard work has paid off, and I now request
our vice principal Neeta Kadukar mam,to give aaway awards to the winnners .

Finally, in first place, we have a team, whose coding solution was nothing short of exceptional. The judges were thoroughly 
impressed with the quality of your work and the innovative approach you took to solve the problem. So the winner of 
code carnival 4.0 is [team name].

A loud hand of applause for all the winners ,their coding solution demonstrated exceptional creativity and ingenuity.You all have  truly 
impressed the judges with your unique approach to the problem. Congratulations on your achievement, and you will receive [prize].


All those who are particpating in Treasure hunt please stay seated in the seminar hall.  