1."Start your search at the base of the old oak tree, where the first brick was laid." 
    (Location: near the founding building or central quad)

2."Follow the path of registration to find the next clue." 
    (Location: registration desk)

3."Look for the statue of the school mascot, the clue is hidden at its feet." 
    (Location: near a statue of the school mascot)

6."The clue is on the bulletin board in the student union, next to the announcement for the upcoming concert." 
    (Location: in the student union building, near a bulletin board with announcements)

7."Look for the ivy-covered wall, the clue is hidden behind the third brick from the left." 
    (Location: near an ivy-covered wall)

9."Where the gears turn and the saws buzz, that's where you'll find the clue, because." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the workshop)

10."If you want to know where the clue is hidden, you'll have to look behind, where the concrete is smidden." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, behind the FMHM lab)

11."To find the next clue, you must first find the place, where the cement is mixed and the concrete takes shape." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the SOM and Concrete lab)

12."Where metal is shaped and machines hum, that's where you'll find the next clue, my mum." 
    (Location: on the ground floor, in the Machine shop)

22. "Entering the Institution look around, your next clue resides on the neighbors porch"
	(Location : NM entrance)

23. "Every morning a hassle, take your next clue from he who says 'ID ?' "
	(Location : SBMP Entrance Guards)

30. "To take a railway concession, don't disturb the teacher, for the clue is hidden at the retreival"
	(Location : SBMP help desk)

42. "Where tools are wielded and sparks fly, search for a clue to keep your hopes high."
	(Location : Machine shop on the ground floor)

51. "The pressure of water on ground floor is 4x10^4 Pa"
	(Location: ground floor water pump)

55. COPYcat crosses the next clue
	(Location : Ashok Xerox)

56. When you have wounds and you want them to fade , use first aid 
	(Location : Medical Room)